>> Steve Kinney: There are settings.
There are a lot of settings.
The easiest way to find the settings
is Command P on a Mac, or
I think it's Control+p,
I don't know, Windows.
I can't even see them unless I go to my
own notes, which feels like a little much.
The other way, of course, is.
>> Steve Kinney: To open your settings
right with the command palette when in
doubt, as one could scroll this and see
that there are a lot of settings right.
And that's great and wonderful.
You can usually find.
What I would probably do is search for
whatever we're looking for.
If you're trying to change the font size,
you probably know what you're looking for,
so on and so forth.
I think it's somewhat worth a tour at
some point to go through all of them.
That said, most of the sensible deep
faults are sensible and seem good.
Things I wanna point out though, as we
kind of alleged with the extensions as
well, is you've got your user extension.
So you've got the global extensions.
These are the ones that are like
the system defaults and
you can see those at any point.
And there's a reason why you'd want to,
we'll do that in a second.
Then you've got your user settings, which
are your key bindings, your settings,
right, which override that.
And then you can set workspace
specific for a given project, and
those will override yours.
Now, this enters the greatest
debate of all time.
Do you check that into version control?
The answer is it depends, right?
If there are a bunch of settings for For
that project you want everyone to
be on the same page for, then yes.
The problem is on a workspace settings,
it's not like you can
have two sets of them.
So it's either we're all doing this,
or we're all not doing it.
And I think there's,
in terms of stuff like tab size and
stuff like that maybe it makes sense.
You can argue, just use prettier and
who cares, or editor config.
It's I could go either way but yeah,
the big question is not a should you or
should you not.
It is a kind of a team decision, right?
Because the problem is, a lot of cases,
you can make arguments especially for
a lot of the editor settings
on why that's useful.
On the other hand, all it takes is
one person putting their silliest
setting into version control, and
now you have everyone's setting, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Obviously people have
different color preferences and
brightness preferences and different
font size preferences and all that.
But is that something, if you wanted to
do, you could put in get ignore or not?
Put in, get ignore.
Does that even matter?
>> Steve Kinney: You doing it?
Get ignore, but yeah, then nobody
gets it right and for font size is
a personal thing, but stuff for
what files we wannna exclude from search?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, okay.
>> Steve Kinney: Right?
And so that's a trickier one.
Now, everyone either needs to set
that setting because it's not in
Version Control, or you put in
version control, you know what I mean?
And so, it's some settings, you can
definitely see a world where everyone
would want them if it's like hey,
in this repo, there's a whole bunch of CSV
files full of data that I never
want to navigate to, right?
I want them excluded from search and
I want them excluded from everything else.
You can see a world where everyone wants
that setting, but in terms of you have
your peacock color for that workspace,
I don't want your bright yellow.
You know what I mean?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Steve Kinney: It's tricky,
yeah, it's a trade off.
I don't have a necessarily, right answer
in any way, shape or form, right?
What's usually useful too is,
as you can see,
all of your extensions also
have settings as well,
and so yeah,
languages where Emmett should be expanded.
Included languages where you put
in stuff like if you use view and
you want it supported in there,
maybe it doesn't do that by default.
Maybe you have you also have handlebars
and you want them support in there.
That's just what we saw like
what the keyboard bindings,
hey only work in the editor
focus this type of file.
You're basically doing the same for
Emmett in this case, so on and so
forth, depending on what
the given plugin is,
things that you might want to tweak or
change.
And some of these
are the built in extensions.
Some of these are the ones
that we installed.
Obviously, we're all looking for
this one now and
there are settings throw a ball with them.
Yes, we're turning that on and when you
turn on a setting that is differentiated
from the defaults, you can see this
little blue line in this case.
And I think you can, if you hit the at
you can search for either what.
Feature or I think you get modified,
which will be all the settings that
you have modified from the defaults.
So if you wanna see where you have strayed
in this case, you can, turn that on and
see the settings that you have changed,
which is useful if you're
trying to track down.
Did you make something silly happen?
Things that I like.
I do like format on save, not format on
paste, not format on keystroke on save.
I personally do not like autosave either,
right?
Because sometimes I just
want to go read the docs and
I did not want that page saving.
And like Veet or whatever, recompiling it
did not ask for that, did not want it.
Other ones that I think are super
useful is this one right here.
I put this one in the notes too,
this reveal if open.
If you have a bunch of editor groups,
you open the same file,
you will end up two tabs
with the same file.
I don't want two tabs with the same file,
if it was open in this other
editor window, just do that one.
Do not make two tabs with the same file.
That was one of those ones that was
driving me nuts and I sat there and
I just went through the settings
to find the one, which is like,
if that file is already open in a tab,
just go to that tab.
Do not make more tabs with the same file.
Do not ask me if I want to delete a file,
I will probably regret that one.
>> Steve Kinney: Trying to think
what the other ones that are like?
I think, yeah, auto fetch the Git repos.
Some prettier settings by default,
in case there is no prettier .rc in there,
which is.
Is I want commas after all the things in
the array and I want my single quotes.
And if there's a prettier RC,
it will respect that but
if I'm just editing without a prettier
fox, I'm doing just something random,
I will get some of those in there as well.
But yeah, like lots of little things that
you can tweak you can see what you have
and have not tweaked, so on and so forth.
There are certain things that you can
only do looking at the JSON itself,
and it's a really powerful thing as well.
So you see, llet's see
>> Steve Kinney: Open User Settings JSON,
and you will see the JSON
representation of all of your settings.
So theoretically I have settings sync on.
But you could let's say we have
the situation where we have a bunch of
workspace settings, but we did not want to
set them to Version Control for reasons.
At the very least, you could put what
the settings are, take the JSON.
Say, hey, paste this or whatever.
Or do even some better
build tooling around this,
but these are all your
settings represented.